# MyAllergyAssistant
MyAllergyAssistant is an Android app that allows users to scan or search for a product and be informed if the product is safe for them to eat or not based on their account allergens. Users will also receive alerts if a product they have previously scanned is reported by another user for containing unlisted allergens. The app was developed using React Native with TypeScript for the frontend and a combination of AWS services for the backend, including Lambda, DynamoDB, Cognito, SNS.

This is our final year project for Computer Applications and Software Engineering at Dublin City University, 2023.
The students involved are:
 - Daragh Prizeman (Student ID: 19459734)
 - George Eskander (Student ID: 19451972)

A user manual, walkthrough video and technical guide can be found in the docs/ directory, if you would like to learn more about this project.

## Packages/References

### Disclaimer

For our backend, some files have been auto-generated by AWS, however contain some configurations which we may have made through AWS console that you may want to look at. There is also some boilerplate code  generated by AWS such as a blueprint for using CRUD operations in Lambda functions, which we have modified for example. There are also several other generated files such as package.json, package-lock.json, .gitignore etc.

For our frontend, some files may have been auto-generated for React Native, e.g. any .gitignore, and some have also been modified by us.

### Our files

Below is the list of src files that we created, or modified as part of this project.

Backend
- \/\__tests__
- /lambda_functions/
- /lambda_functions/push_dockerised_function.sh

Frontend
- /android (auto-generated, modified for debug/release builds)
- \/\__tests__
- /.gitlab-ci.yml
- /assets
- /allergens.json
- /components
- /screens
- /reducers
- /api.ts
- /constants.ts
- /index.tsx
- /App.tsx
- /jest.setup.js (auto-generated, mostly modified)
- /ocr-postprocessing.ts
- /utils.ts
- /store.ts

# Backend

The third-party packages used for the backend can be found in these files.

>- /\__tests__/package.json
>- /lambda_functions/package.json
>- /lambda_functions/usersLambda/src/package.json
>- /lambda_functions/reportsLambda/package.json
>- /lambda_functions/registerDeviceToken/package.json
>- /lambda_functions/ocr-preprocessing/requirements.txt

# Frontend

The third-party packages used for the frontend can be found in these files.

>- /package.json
